README.md, before:

# SoCC-Miner
Source Code-Comments Miner tool that mines raw source code for natural language with comprehensive contextual information and other source code attributes. It offers four different mining pipelines that can be fed to AI pipelines.

# Installation
Not mandatory but it is recommended to create a virtualenv.

$ virtualenv -p python3 <venv_name> \
$ source <venv_name>/bin/activate

Clone the repository \
$ git clone https://github.com/M3SOulu/soccminer \
$ cd soccminer

Install the dependencies.
- srcML installation - Install the appropriate srcML client corresponding to your OS (Linux/Windows). https://www.srcml.org/#download
- soccminer dependencies - Install the soccminer dependencies. 

$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt

$ pip3 install soccminer

# Usage from commandline
Usage: python3 bin/main.py '/usr/local/repositories_for_analysis/' 'java' 'comment' 'False' 'nolog'

positional arguments:
- inp          - Defines the input to the tool. Can be 'local_dir' containing project repositories as sub-directories or 'Git Repo URL'
		
- language      - The programming language of the project, for now only java project are handled by SoCCMiner

- mining_level  - Defines the mining/project entity loading level. Can be, 
  - 'comment' to mine/load basic comment info
  - 'comprehensive_comment' to mine/load comprehensive comment attributes
  - 'project' to mine/load project attributes)
  - 'all' (for project and comprehensive attributes) 
  - NOTE: While loading entities with load_project input argument set to True, SoCCMiner expects the same mining level with which the 
                    project was mined.
		   
- load_project  - If True, loads project entities from the mined entities directory containing the soccminer serialized json files.
                   If False, mines source code projects for comments, source code entities and their attributes according to the mining level input 
  
- log           - Defines the logging level. Can be one of nolog(NOLOG), info(INFO), debug(DEBUG)


# Usage from API
Refer scripts :
1. soccminer_comments.py (for Comments Meta Attributes), 
2. soccminer_comments_attr.py (for Comprehensive Comments Attributes), 
3. soccminer_proj_attr.py (for Project Attributes) and 
4. soccminer_proj_comments_attr.py (for both comprehensive comments and project attributes).

Before execution, do not forget to change the input directories for mining and loading.

NOTE: In demo scripts, loading immediately follows mining in reality it need not be the same. 
One can mine the repos in one location, zip and transfer to another location, then mined_entities are 
unzipped and the folder location is given as input to the loading_project call, then the loaded objects
serve as pipelines for AI applications.

$python3 soccminer_comments.py

Similarly other scripts can be executed.

Commit message:

Modified to include FileInfo (i.e. file level comments instead of package level comments), mining progress and completion eta, accept single project directory, customize to accept git repo at commandline, customize to specify output directory for mined entities.

README.md, after:

# SoCC-Miner
Source Code-Comments Miner tool that mines raw source code for natural language with comprehensive contextual information and other source code attributes. It offers four different mining pipelines that can be fed to AI pipelines.

# Installation
Not mandatory but it is recommended to create a virtualenv.

$ virtualenv -p python3 <venv_name> \
$ source <venv_name>/bin/activate

Clone the repository \
$ git clone https://github.com/M3SOulu/soccminer \
$ cd soccminer

Install the dependencies.
- srcML installation - Install the appropriate srcML client corresponding to your OS (Linux/Windows). https://www.srcml.org/#download

- Installing soccminer will install the dependencies and then the soccminer package. \
$ pip3 install soccminer

# Usage from commandline
Usage: python3 bin/main.py -input /usr/local/repository_for_analysis/ -level comment

Options:
- input          - Defines the input to the tool. (**Mandaory argument**) Can be 'local_dir' containing project repositories as sub-directories or 'Git Repo URL'.  
		
- language      - The programming language of the project, for now only java project are handled by SoCCMiner

- level  - Defines the mining/project entity loading level. Can be, 
  - 'comment' to mine/load basic comment info
  - 'comprehensive_comment' to mine/load comprehensive comment attributes
  - 'project' to mine/load project attributes)
  - 'all' (for project and comprehensive attributes) 
  - **NOTE:** While loading entities with load_project input argument set to True, SoCCMiner expects the same mining level with which the 
                    project was mined.
		   
- direct_load  - If True, loads project entities from the mined entities directory containing the soccminer serialized json files.
                   If False, mines source code projects for comments, source code entities and their attributes according to the mining level input 
  
- log           - Defines the logging level. Can be one of nolog(NOLOG), info(INFO), debug(DEBUG).
                **NOTE:** Enabling log creates very huge file log file for huge source code repositories. Enable it for debugging after ensuring enough disk space is available.


# Usage from API
Refer scripts :
1. soccminer_comments.py (for Comments Meta Attributes), 
2. soccminer_comments_attr.py (for Comprehensive Comments Attributes), 
3. soccminer_proj_attr.py (for Project Attributes) and 
4. soccminer_proj_comments_attr.py (for both comprehensive comments and project attributes).

Before execution, do not forget to change the input directories for mining and loading.

**NOTE:** In demo scripts, loading immediately follows mining in reality it need not be the same. 
One can mine the repos in one location, zip and transfer to another location, then mined_entities are 
unzipped and the folder location is given as input to the loading_project call, then the loaded objects
serve as pipelines for AI applications.

$python3 soccminer_comments.py

Similarly other scripts can be executed.
